hello very good today I'm going to show you the
montage of a club model I found
everything here a comb you have super htc
model with his cyst suspensions box
swiss concrete and wheels is the model
that comes a greeting for all your
bikes
and I hope you like it
well let's assemble the seat
first let's check out
the bottom piece
of the support that attracts in blue color to
customize a little bit more the bike
this piece
attracts the blue color
making a italy stamp
personalized to eat
and positioned and we sleep in
on your site
well let's put
the portico where I played also
covers pods
pass
and make the front wheel assembly
and the adjustment
the front clip
this is a protector to put between
the pills in case we get the doubt
and we tighten the brake lever without
want that we do not close the
pistons
well, we have
the mounted front wheel
the brake adjustment
to adjust the brake caliper
Brake
we hold the brake tight we leave
roll the wheel a little
and we left it finally tight
then with the pills closed
we tighten the clamp
this sometimes works sometimes not
so if that does not work we have to
make a small manual adjustment
we'll see
Well I guess you can hear me but there
12 in the pill
therefore we will release a little bit the
pin
well let's go with the handlebar assembly
we have removed part of the packaging
apart the total packaging
and now let's move on to the montage
from part of it
for bicycle to all accessories
that brings as most of the covers
get sciatica handlebar is of the brand
without so much without written tante
and in this model
bring the seatpost
and the carbon handlebar
well I do not know if you will
on the carbon handlebars
It has been assembled, it just formulates r1
- very powerful
this model comes mounted with all the
group x t
and in the derailleur change
change bands
huila x de menos la ruedas
who wore some beautiful dt suisse with
blue bushing matching with the bike
let's use the metric dynamo wrench
as long as the manufacturer tells us in
the parents of tightening in this case I
maximum mark 6 newtons
I do not know if I appreciate it aleix but good 6
minutes then forward
centered
well more or less those wounds
presences
I want you to see the front wheel of
180 of the formula brand
wheel switch
with the bushing
in blue color covers well up here
in your pc
and nothing to remember we will give you more
bicycles for big both club
as from the skin or from cones and remind you
that we have technical service for your
pensions and provides for a bit of reparation
as collateral management until reaching
your service